When the old man reveals himself to be [[Asmodeus]], he explains that he has not given any permission to take the Fragments of the Fallen for themselves – and he must let the world know that. So, he asks for a volunteer, to which Thonk responds. He is given a stone and a choice of a companion who can leave this location. Thonk chooses Arentha and they leave.

As soon as the lucky few go through the portal, the stone in Thonk's possession erupts in a pillar of cloud which floats into the air and writing the words "Asmodeus is here." Thonk then proceeds to chase after winter bison, after Arentha tells him not to go back inside.

Back in the hideout, on the other hand, the people begin to panic as Asmodeus explains that they are not allowed to leave. When Asmodeus tries to close the portal, however, [[Daemyar]] counterspells. And the Arentha party decides to fight back; Valta convincing David to stay and fight with them. After unleashing an acid rain that deals minimal damage, Playgia decides to negotiate a deal with the devil. After bringing out a rotting head and stating the terms, Asmodeus asks everyone in the party to sign the deal. However, Zofrith, having been through something like this before, adamantly declines. The rest of the party slowly does the same, with Grog being the first to attack the devil again. When the attack lands, it misshapes the devil's head. Angered, Asmodeus uses his ruby rod with a mobius nautilus to open a rift in reality, into a plane filled with devils. Daemyar asks everyone to run, as she decides to collapse the whole hideout to prevent any devils from getting into the prime material plane. The party runs out the portal, with Grog trying to take Daemyar with him. However, Daemyar holds her ground, and Grog is crushed under the earth now free from the grasp of the God-Struck Tree.

Grog, however, sees a vision of the disappearing stars as in the [[Plucking of Stars]] and notices a shadow of a creature. Its form is odd, with six hands for feet and a single claw for a head. Before he could do anything, however, he finds himself in the snow where the other members of the party just survived a 500ft fall.

It is quite late. Needing a rest, Arentha escorts the party (and David) to a nearby secret VSL outpost/camp. Reconvening, they now know two things: the stone Asmodeus gave Thonk is an old way of storing spells (now only seen in Urifir Bookbasin and The Great Library of the North) and the location of one of the Fragments of the Fallen.