---
aliases:
  - The Division
tags:
  - Age
---
The exact length of time for the age of The Division is unclear. To the residents of Nol, it lasted several centuries. To the residents of Gul, several years. Although the histories of both continents are divided, they agree on the same set of events.

First, an invisible barrier was placed between the two continents. None could see any land that was on the other side. It was impenetrable by any means. The only way people could travel between the continents was through portals stationed on the eastern coast of Nol and the western coast of Gul. These portals, however, were slowly deemed as dangerous. They became avenues for war and strange creatures to enter either continent.

Second, the portals connecting the worlds closed. One by one, starting from the north,  they closed. The glyphs and structures that marked them remained, but passage was no longer possible. Any Gulian in Nol and any Nologite in Gul remained were unaffected. Of course, many rushed to their homelands, preparing for the worse. Those who remained had their reasons, believing that they still had time. The last portal connecting [[Gue Xus Fort]] and [[Greffol City]] at the Arch of Kalashtar took the longest to close.

Lastly, the portals began to be disturbed. Many bore witness to what looked like people poking from the other side of the portal. The portal at the Arch of Kalashtar even reopened fully for a brief moment at several points in time. The countries from either side knew that such disturbances would lead to no good, so they sealed off the portals in whatever way they can. 

The division led to the separate development of two adjacent worlds. Nol became a world filled with technology. Gul became a world filled with magic. The inhabitants of either world, the other world were only a legend.

> [!info] The Legend of Alpaz
> 
> There exists two realms of existence: Gul and Nol.
> 
> Gul is a world where magic exists and technology does not. Movement is done through levitation or teleportation, but no one knows how to craft a sword or make an engine. The most valuable resource is mana for casting or enchantment. Nol is a world where technology exists and magic does not. Wars are done with cannons and warforgeds, but no one can cast horrid curses or talk to the animals. The most valuable resource is metal for trade or conduction.
> 
> The Legend also says that a portal between the two realms exists. It was once open for citizens of both worlds to pass, but it closed one day for no apparent reason. Even if the legend is true, the portal has not opened for centuries. So, to the Gulians, Nol is but a myth and blue prints are but feathers of a fallen beast. To the Nologites, Gul is but a myth and books of spells are but fantasy novels.

No one knows why the worlds were divided to begin with. Some say that a war between the deities and primordials was occurring beyond the horizons of the prime material plane and the overdeities needed to find a way to stop them. Some say the overdeities themselves got into a grand battle amongst themselves and the division was the only way to please everyone. Some say other forces were involved, possibly creatures from beyond the crystal sphere or people from the prime material plane. Regardless, it is believed that the overdeities decided to leave Alpaz in peace.