---
aliases:
  - The Great Unification
tags:
  - Age
---
When the portal at the Arch of Kalashtar closed, a prophecy spread across both Gul and Nol. According to a druid, the portals would soon open and a war would brew. The only way for the war to end was for both worlds to unite.

> [!info] The Prophecy
> 
> A knight from Gul, arise.
> A witch from Nol despised.
> They both shall see the need
> To break the seal and bleed.
> Then comes the beast that shall
> Cause each crumbling and fall
> Worlds binded whole, shall be
> Hearts f’rever torn, they’ll see.

True enough, after some time a king decided to wage war against all of Gul. His majesty was Lumiseth, King of [[Throldyar]]. Unbeknownst to the rest of Gul, Lumiseth was a Zekyl, a dragonborn-drow hybrid who drew power from both the dragon deities and Lolth. The king used this power to take control of battlefields and infused his armies with his power.

As this occurred, two parties were on their way to open the portal between the two worlds. The party from Gul went through the nations in the world of magic to find artifacts to fight against the king before attempting to open the portal to get more help. The party from Nol was in the process of increasing the acceptance of straggler Gulians among the Nologites, thereby beginning the process of unification. As the portals opened, there formed [[The Agents of Chaos]], a party with the best of both worlds who led the armies of Alpaz against Lumiseth. With the powers of an unknown sponsor and the [[elemental weapons]], the king was slain.

The two worlds lived in peace. The barrier remained until a cartographer only known as [[The Explorer]] found a way to take it down. It is believed that they were able to ask Ao for their unused power to control the crystal spheres since the barrier was made using that power. When this occurred, the two worlds truly united and all peoples were free to roam all lands.

More info on this in [[3.1 HIDDEN]].