---
aliases:
  - The Storm
tags:
  - Age
---
> [!tip] You can read this, but be aware that this information is not public info on Alpaz. 
> Most likely, your character does not know this information. However, if you think there's a reason for your character to know this information, let the DM know!

Before [[4. The Calm|The Calm]], [[Asmodeus]] was completing his grand scheme to destroy the heavens.

[[Asmodeus]] coerced a group of adventurers known as [[The Kaeto Party]] into killing Tharizdun, a powerful deity now weakened due to their lack of worshippers. In the process, the Divine Embers that brought Tharizdun power were released. With [[the Kaeto Party]] weakened, [[Asmodeus]] took this chance to gather the Divine Embers for himself.

Alarmed, [[The Kaeto Party]] tracked down [[Asmodeus]]. With the help of [[Aster Winterhurst]] and [[Sivvean]], both members of [[The Agents of Chaos]] and converted into [[Reysta Summerburst]] and [[Lord Rakdos]], they were able to make their way into the Nine Hells. There, they uncovered the schemes of [[Asmodeus]], including his plan to replicate The Lattice of Heaven in order to create a pathway between Alpaz and the universes that were dominated by devils. In doing so, the devils could finally destroy the devils and angels in one fell swoop.

With the plans of [[Asmodeus]] in plain sight, [[The Kaeto Party]] worked with the [[Race United]] and the deities in Arcadia to take him down. After reaching the bottom of the Nine Hells, the party and the lord of the devils had a gruesome fight. In the end, [[the Kaeto Party]] stripped [[Asmodeus]] of his Divine Embers. However, his soul has yet to be captured.

All information could be found [here](https://saga.so/s/px2kqOeueJRWctECCi9v/339b2ac7-a746-4db4-9f5f-547d6566e215).