> [!danger]- DO NOT READ THIS!
> > [!danger]- ACTUALLY DON'T LOOK AT THIS. THIS CONTAINS MASSIVE SPOILERS.
> > A googol times they have tried. A googol times they have failed. That is the reality that faces the three overdeities: Ao, Ouroboros, and Ahriman. They are intelligent beings born of the phlogiston. They serve as its scientists: creators of all the universes, scrutinizers of its achievements, and observers to its failures. Their experiments are the worlds in the different crystal spheres and their goal is to find a way to stand against the far realm and its citizens: the star spawn, the Uvuudaum, and the Elder Evils. 
> > 
> > You've seen these experiments too. Worlds created, but, soon, some if not all of it is destroyed. Battles unfinished, quests abandoned, people missing, regions forgotten. To you, you would know them as campaigns forever left in a stagnant pause. What happened to them? A glitch in reality caused by the far realm. Unstoppable as far as we know. 
> > 
> > Still, Ao, Ouroboros, and Ahriman try again and again. Some worlds completely new. Some minor tweaks of different versions. Each time with opposing forces, forcing its people to adapt and change. Each time slowly allowing the harsh reality of the far realm into their knowledge. Each time hoping they could find a way to stop them.
> > 
> > No experiment has succeeded. Most are lost before they even know it. Some escape through the phlogiston. Few fend off a single attack from the far realm. 
> > 
> > When does it change?

> Well, it might change with the new 5e spelljammer books. But, in older editions, the material plane is an infinite amount of worlds that are inside the crystal spheres inside the spheres is wildspace, it's space as we understand it. Outside the spheres is a VERY different kind of space that is mostly filled with phlogistian.
> 
> Then there are the inner planes, earth, fire, water air, etc. These surround the material plane and each equally affect it, hence all four elements are found in the materials plane.
> 
> Outside and different from that is the outer planes, these follow the various allignments and also all equally impact the material realm.
> 
> The ethereal realm connects the inner elemental planes to the material plane and serves as a means of transportation. The astral plane serves as a connection for all the outer planes to the material plane and also serves as a means of transportation. Granted the etheral and astral planes are both unique in their own ways.
> 
> The far realm is different from all the others. It is seemingly connected to everything and nothing, as far as people know, it is completely alien and impossible for a material world mind to understand. It is a place where elder eldritch gods and beings are located. There is another inner plane, the plane of dreams, which is supposed to have a really strong connect to the far realm and is filled with nightmarish horrors. Some belive beholders to have come from the far realm or the plane of dreams. One theory is that mind flayers also originate there.
> 
> A key thing to remember is the cosmological models given in the books are suppose to be guides, not maps. The truth is the planes are all connected in ways mortal minds don't fully grasp and can only be slightly represented, with the far realm being even more alien to the point most gods don't even understand it fully.