---
aliases:
  - Aster
Party: "[[The Agents of Chaos]]"
---
Aster is a half-elven sorcerer who loves to collect the randomest of things and make use out of them. He met [[Elton Hilltople|Elton]] in Throldyar, both of whom go to investigate the sudden but brief reopening of a portal to Nol due to a widespread prophecy that with its opening comes war. With the help of an anonymous sponsor, they learn of the King Lumiseth's plan to control elemental creatures and overthrow all kingdoms. Given that the legendary elemental weapons have sway over the creatures, they set out to collect them before Lumiseth.

They first travel to [[Qroaz]], following a trail regarding a mine and some elemental creatures. As they go trough [[Birti Yards]], they encounter gigantic creatures. Though presumed dead and preserved like the rest of the buildings in the country, the purple worm begins to move and attack the duo. [[Elton Hilltople|Elton]] goes down first and is soon followed by the sorcerer. As his last breath, however, Aster calls upon their anonymous sponsor who reveals himself as [[HIDDEN A]]. The two make a deal – Aster will help him collect all the elemental weapons in exchange for his friend's life and help overthrowing Lumiseth. Soon, they collect the Inverter Crystal in a mine by [[Mount Kikijith]].

Following this, they travel to [[Barnemouth Grove]] in [[Dreamsprout]], the last standing fortress against the invasion of earth elementals. There they meet [[Sarkiar d'Poacery|Sarkiar]], the next in line for Onodrim royalty, as well as [[Meili Hue|Meili]] and [[Wolfgang]]. By passing the tests of the Root Onodrim in [[Waterspout Grove]], they get to the heart of [[The Black Oak]] and collect the Glaive of Mortality. 

Upon their return, they are greeted by [[HIDDEN A]] who updates them on the situation. Apparently, technological locks have been put in place on the portal in order to prevent anyone from using the portal. However, Lumiseth has been trying to find ways to open the lock and preparing to conquer both continents of Alpaz. They believe that this is what the prophecy was alluding to. If anyone knows how the lock works, the Vedalken would know since they are the most technologically adept race in Gul. Since an elemental weapon rests in [[Oze Municipality|Oze]] and the Vedalken are the people of [[Nhovell]], they decide to head to north. 

Upon arriving, they are guided by some disgruntled citizens including an air elemental named Whirlwind and a Vedalken named Zodrai. For a brief moment, the portal reopens, causing concern to the party because of the prophecy. Hence, they rush. Zodrai takes them to a factory that stores the elemental weapon and some blueprints trying to recreate the lock on the portals. However, upon learning that the weapon is not the Crescent Blade but a replica placed by Lumiseth, they are ambushed by a tech mage of the Masters of Oze. They rush out of [[Nhovell]] with the help of Whirlwind, but the Masters are unrelenting, sending orbs of flame their way. [[Elton Hilltople|Elton]] sacrifices himself, deflecting the orbs in whatever way he can. Although Aster tries to keep him alive, the warlock falls into depths of [[Gibolath Ocean]].

The rest of the party fly to the portal in [[Gue Xus Fort]]. They tell the Blood Circle everything they know. The tiefling council strongly suggests that they get help but the only help they can get is from the other side of the closed portals. Hence, the party sets off to work to undo the locks placed on the portals. They also meet [[Baron]] who tells them of a powerful human wizard named Riam from Nol who may have caused the closing of the portals and placed the locks on them. The allegiances of Riam is unknown so they may have to put up a fight against him once the portals open. 

As the portal reopened, Riam was on the other side along with [[Sivvean]], [[Jokarius Heirophant|Jokarius]], and [[Kyren]]. Before they could attack, the other side explains that Riam is now on their side and is working to go up against Lumiseth. Together, as [[The Agents of Chaos]], and with the armies of both Gul and Nol, they go up against the dragonborn army and Lumiseth. Disguised as part of the dragonborn army and with most of the army occupied by their forces, the party heads into the castle. There, they go up against Lumiseth and the elementals he controls with many elemental weapons he has collected. In no time, the king is defeated and the spirit of the Zekyll crushed.

With the war against the elementals over, the party celebrates. However, Aster's journey was not over. [[HIDDEN A]] appears demanding that the sorcerer hold up their end of the deal. To which, Aster agrees, joining the unknown sponsor into the depths of hell.

His journey continues as [[HIDDEN RS]].