---
aliases:
  - Bruiser
Party: "[[The Kaeto Party]]"
---
BRX-962 is a huge, hulking warforged model with clear battle armor. With its extra, interchangeable hands, this model switch between weapons and could "lend a hand" during a fight, making it a great guard robot. This specific warforged was quite aptly nicknamed "Bruiser." Wears a wizard hat and a magician's cape, with a poorly drawn bowtie and tux on the front of his breastplate. His hands are not attached to his wrists, but rather floating. He's got extra hands that float around him as he pleases. He has two cracks on his faceplate, one extending from his left eye, and the other from the top of his head to just above his right eye. Bruiser is a fighter with a hidden capacity for magic.

### Arc I: Demon's Debut

Bruiser arrives as reinforcement when [[Meepo]]'s death is reported to the local police force. According to a message [[Jokarius Heirophant|Jokyr]] received from Kami-Eun, he is also meant to help Spade gain more emotion and become human. Bruiser is actually unable to help in this regard since emotions aren't his forte, but he does help the party fight and track down the Mutant Queens. After getting rid of them, he becomes a co-caretaker of [[Agile]], a half-human half-hyena possibly-werewolf child the nasty band had kept as bait. In addition, he becomes the wielder of the Dawnstar.

When the warforged who could be protecting the city from incoming demons go haywire, Bruiser takes the party to the warforged factory to meet Hanz Phillips. There, Bruiser learns of his capability for emotion and true life, especially in the way he looks for a girl named [[Quilkira Aalrac|Rowan]] who has been taken by Leafwalker. Since a part of Bruiser's code is in every warforged, they use this information to deal with demons. In return for his efforts, the [[Race United]] offers to release Bruiser from service, to which the warforged accepts.

### Arc II: Curse of the Hollow Heart

The warforged becomes a caretaker of the party, especially for [[Agile]] and [[Zaigan]]. He uses wits, echoes, and portals to turn the tides of battle in the party's favor. However, the party still loses the fight against [[Fraz-Urb'luu]], causing [[Agile]]'s life. However, before he leaves, the child mentions something about saying "hi" to Bruiser's sister.

### Arc III: Chaos of Magic

The party learns of a prodigy, selling new magic spells written in coloring books that look like the one Bruiser has. The prodigy is said to be participating in the Spelling Bee which occurs in the elven kingdom. Knowing from Leafwalker that [[Quilkira Aalrac|Rowan]] is with the elves, Bruiser is certain that the prodigy is [[Quilkira Aalrac|Rowan]]. True enough, after the competition, [[Quilkira Aalrac|Rowan]] comes to save half of the party who becomes overrun with cultists. Later on, Bruiser learns that [[Quilkira Aalrac|Rowan]] partnered with Leafwalker and left in order to find a way to give warforged a new body, wanting to do so because her brother's soul is trapped in a warforged. Figuring out that he is [[Quilkira Aalrac|Rowan]]'s brother, Bruiser shuts off for a while. However, in the upcoming battles, the two do their best to protect each other. In fact, Bruiser comes face to face with the Chaos God to free [[Quilkira Aalrac|Rowan]] from its trap, dying in the process.

### Connection to [[the Explorer]]

[[Quilkira Aalrac|Quilkira]], who reincarnated into [[Quilkira Aalrac|Rowan]], formed [[the Explorer]] party which included her brother, now Bruiser. Discovering the four cosmic elemental planes, each of the party members gained access to new forms of magic except Bruiser. [[Quilkira Aalrac|Rowan]], however, mentions that perhaps there is some way to unlock Bruiser's potential for cosmic magic.

Today, he and [[Quilkira Aalrac|Quilkira]] travel the phlogiston to different crystal spheres. However, it is said that Bruiser was spotted in [[Chezana Dunes]] recently.