---
aliases:
  - Elton
Party: "[[The Agents of Chaos]]"
---
Elton is a halfing bard/warlock of the fathomless. He met [[Aster Winterhurst|Aster]] in [[Throldyar]], both of whom go to investigate the sudden but brief reopening of a portal to Nol due to a widespread prophecy that with its opening comes war. With the help of an anonymous sponsor, they learn of the King Lumiseth's plan to control elemental creatures and overthrow all kingdoms. Given that the legendary [[elemental weapons]] have sway over the creatures, they set out to collect them before Lumiseth.

They first travel to [[Qroaz]], following a trail regarding a mine and some elemental creatures. As they go trough [[Birti Yards]], they encounter gigantic creatures. Though presumed dead and preserved like the rest of the buildings in the country, the purple worm begins to move and attack the duo. The warlock goes down first and is soon followed by [[Aster Winterhurst|Aster]]. For some reason, however, Elton comes back to life and is able to finish off the purple worm. After helping [[Aster Winterhurst|Aster]] back to conciousness and taking a rest, they collect the Inverter Crystal in a mine by [[Mount Kikijith]].

Following this, they travel to [[Barnemouth Grove]] in [[Dreamsprout]], the last standing fortress against the invasion of earth elementals. There they meet [[Sarkiar d'Poacery|Sarkiar]], the next in line for Onodrim royalty, as well as [[Meili Hue|Meili]] and [[Wolfgang]]. By passing the tests of the Root Onodrim in [[Waterspout Grove]], they get to the heart of [[The Black Oak]] and collect the Glaive of Mortality. 

Upon their return, they are greeted by their unknown sponsor who updates them on the situation. Apparently, technological locks have been put in place on the portal in order to prevent anyone from using the portal. However, Lumiseth has been trying to find ways to open the lock and preparing to conquer both continents of Alpaz. They believe that this is what the prophecy was alluding to. If anyone knows how the lock works, the Vedalken would know since they are the most technologically adept race in Gul. Since an elemental weapon rests in [[Oze Municipality|Oze]] and the Vedalken are the people of [[Nhovell]], they decide to head to north. 

Upon arriving, they are guided by some disgruntled citizens including an air elemental named Whirlwind and a Vedalken named Zodrai. For a brief moment, the portal reopens, causing concern to the party because of the prophecy. Hence, they rush. Zodrai takes them to a factory that stores the elemental weapon and some blueprints trying to recreate the lock on the portals. However, upon learning that the weapon is not the Crescent Blade but a replica placed by Lumiseth, they are ambushed by a tech mage of the Masters of Oze. They rush out of [[Nhovell]] with the help of Whirlwind, but the Masters are unrelenting, sending orbs of flame their way. Elton sacrifices himself, deflecting the orbs in whatever way he can, including by taking the hits with his own body. Although [[Aster Winterhurst|Aster]] tries to keep him alive, the warlock falls into depths of [[Gibolath Ocean]].

According to [[Jokarius Heirophant|Jokyr]], however, he has encountered Elton before. The details can be found in [[HIDDEN EH]].