---
aliases:
  - Meili
Party: "[[The Agents of Chaos]]"
---
Meili Hue was the shrewdest businesswoman alive.

She was good friends with [[Wolfgang]], traveling Gul together as the last remaining Nologites in the continent during [[2. The Division|The Division]]. They met [[Aster Winterhurst|Aster]] and [[Elton Hilltople|Elton]] when they were staying at [[Barnemouth Grove]] in [[Dreamsprout]], the last standing fortress against the invasion of earth elementals. There, they also meet the group's unknown sponsor who updates them on the situation of the portal. Apparently, technological locks have been put in place on the portal in order to prevent anyone from using the portal. However, Lumiseth has been trying to find ways to open the lock and preparing to conquer both continents of Alpaz. They believe that this is what the prophecy was alluding to. If anyone knows how the lock works, the Vedalken would know since they are the most technologically adept race in Gul. Since an elemental weapon needed to push back the elementals rests in [[Oze Municipality|Oze]] and the Vedalken are the people of [[Nhovell]], they decide to head to north. 

Upon arriving, Meili, knowing the competitive advantages of the country, goes to the ports to find the best Vedalken merchant who deals not in money but in information. There, she discovers the product that would become her greatest business venture: SheeLDs. It's exact effects are unknown, but she began to study it since then.

Reuniting with the rest of the party, they are guided by some disgruntled citizens including an air elemental named Whirlwind and a Vedalken named Zodrai. For a brief moment, the portal reopens, causing concern to the party because of the prophecy. Hence, they rush. Zodrai takes them to a factory that stores the elemental weapon and some blueprints trying to recreate the lock on the portals. However, upon learning that the weapon is not the Crescent Blade but a replica placed by Lumiseth, they are ambushed by a tech mage of the Masters of Oze. They rush out of [[Nhovell]] with the help of Whirlwind, but the Masters are unrelenting, sending orbs of flame their way. [[Elton Hilltople|Elton]] sacrifices himself, deflecting the orbs in whatever way he can. Although Aster tries to keep him alive, the warlock falls into depths of [[Gibolath Ocean]].

The rest of the party fly to the portal in [[Gue Xus Fort]]. They tell the Blood Circle everything they know. The tiefling council strongly suggests that they get help but the only help they can get is from the other side of the closed portals. Hence, the party sets off to work to undo the locks placed on the portals. They also meet [[Baron]] who tells them of a powerful human wizard named Riam from Nol who may have caused the closing of the portals and placed the locks on them. The allegiances of Riam is unknown so they may have to put up a fight against him once the portals open. 

As the portal reopened, Riam was on the other side along with [[Sivvean]], [[Jokarius Heirophant|Jokarius]], and [[Kyren]]. Before they could attack, the other side explains that Riam is now on their side and is working to go up against Lumiseth. Together, as [[The Agents of Chaos]], and with the armies of both Gul and Nol, they go up against the dragonborn army and Lumiseth. Disguised as part of the dragonborn army and with most of the army occupied by their forces, the party heads into the castle. There, they go up against Lumiseth and the elementals he controls with many elemental weapons he has collected. In no time, the king is defeated and the spirit of the Zekyll crushed.

With the war against the elementals over, Meili was able to turn to other things. It is unknown what she and [[Wolfgang]] were up to, but we know it has been related to SheeLDs and the [[Void Space Legion]]. More information can be found in [[HIDDEN MH]].

