---
Party: "[[The Agents of Chaos]]"
---
Sivvean was a tiefling sorcerer and a good friend of Riam.

He was forced through the portal when it briefly reopened, travelling from [[Gue Xus Fort]] to [[Greffol City]]. His abductors were chased away by a dragonborn, leaving the tiefling behind in a world without people like himself. He finds a party who were willing to help him get back. However, before they could go back to the portal, they are ambushed by a group of kenku. The dragonborn returns to help in the fight, introducing himself as Xion, another Gulian in the world of Nol. The world glitches and the rest of their party disappears, only to be replaced by [[Jokarius Heirophant|Jokarius]] and [[Kyren]]. 

They soon learn of the existence of Gulians in Nol (specifically the Hag Coven) who are afraid of the Nologites, and are finding ways to fight back. They investigate on the whole situation and found out that a prominent magic user, Riam, has been attacking the capital and finding a way to open the portal, resulting in retaliation between the Humans and the Gulians in [[Eitur]]. Knowing that they can't fight Riam or open the portal just yet, they journey to [[Ilor]], the Kingdom of the Dwarves, to gather magical resources and learn how the portal can be opened. After doing this and having converting Riam to their side, they quickly return to the portal.

As the portal reopened, the party was met with another party. Now home, Sivvean found themselves in a new mission to protect it against Lumiseth. Together, as [[The Agents of Chaos]], and with the armies of both Gul and Nol, they go up against the dragonborn army and Lumiseth. Disguised as part of the dragonborn army and with most of the army occupied by their forces, the party heads into the castle. There, they go up against Lumiseth and the elementals he controls with many [[elemental weapons]] he has collected. In no time, the king is defeated and the spirit of the Zekyll crushed.

The war now over, Sivvean finds that home is no longer what he thought it was. Instead, his home is out there in the world of adventure. Learning that [[Aster Winterhurst|Aster]] had made a deal and was required to go to hell, Sivvean decides to join in, both to help a friend and to find a new home in adventure. Their story continues as [[HIDDEN LR]].