---
Party: "[[The Agents of Chaos]]"
tags:
  - Party
---
To the Gulians, the portal closed mere weeks ago. When this happened, [[Aster Winterhurst]] and [[Elton Hilltople]] began in [[Throldyar]], the Kingdom of the Dragonborn. After realizing King Lumiseth's plan to control elemental creatures and overthrow all kingdoms, they began searching for the legendary weapons that were used to keep elemental creatures at bay. When they collected the Inverter Crystal and the Glaive of Mortality, they met [[Meili Hue|Meili]] and [[Wolfgang]] in the ruins of [[Dreamsprout]], the Kingdom of the Onodrim. While chasing after the Cresent Blade, the portal opens for a brief moment. They rush plans, and, soon, fall into the trap set by King Lumiseth. With [[Elton Hilltople|Elton]]'s sacrifice, the three escape and fly to [[Zerathin]], the Kingdom of the Tieflings. Here, they meet [[Baron]], who tells them of a man named Riam and his power. Together with the council, they decide that, in order to fight back against Riam and Lumiseth, they need to open the portal.

What the Nologites do not know is that, when the portal opened a few days ago, [[Sivvean]] was dragged to the other side where the portal had been closed for hundreds of years. After a run-in with some Kenku assassins, he meets [[Xion Aalrac|Xion]] and [[Jokarius Heirophant|Jokarius]] in [[Eitur]], the Kingdom of the Humans. Together, they search for a way to get home. Not too long after they meet, [[Jokarius Heirophant|Jokarius]] is put on trial and pleads to help Lawmaster Glenda with anything in exchange for freedom. They soon learn of the existence of Gulians in Nol (specifically the Hag Coven) who are afraid of the Nologites, and are finding ways to fight back. Together with [[Kyren]], they investigate on the whole situation and found out that a prominent magic user, Riam, has been attacking the capital and finding a way to open the portal, resulting in retaliation between the Humans and the Gulians in [[Eitur]]. Knowing that they can't fight Riam or open the portal just yet, they journey to [[Ilor]], the Kingdom of the Dwarves, to gather magical resources and learn how the portal can be opened. After doing this and having a run-in with Riam, they quickly return to the portal.

Both groups then studied the lock on their sides. Each one debating the best method to open their side. The technological lock disintegrated anything that came near in, so the Gulians made a tool that could absorb the durability of the lock into itself once it is destroyed. The magical lock was a spell of unknown origin, so the Nologites made a deal with an unknown sponsor, reversing the magical spell in exchange for the Book of [[Asmodeus]]. Despite the slim chances, the runes began to glow and thousands of electric charges dissipated. Then, after a moment of silence, the portal opens.

As the two parties faced each other, they set aside their differences and formed [[The Agents of Chaos]].