---
aliases:
  - The Explorers
Party: "[[The Explorer]]"
tags:
  - Party
---
The Explorer is an alias that a group of adventurers went under, although most people associated the name with a single person. This person was [[Wanothee]], the cartographer of the group.

The idea for Explorer started back with [[Quilkira Aalrac|Qilkira]] who wanted to help [[Jokarius Heirophant|Jokarius]] find a lost friend. [[Quilkira Aalrac|Qilkira]], however, wanted it to be a surprise for [[Jokarius Heirophant|Jokarius]], but she also wanted to prevent attracting any more attention from the public especially since dimensional openings were still a touchy subject. Hence, she asked the only mechanic he could trust to build a dimension-traveling ship. The person who helped him was his step-father, [[Fallond]]. Now, [[Fallond]] didn't know much about dimensional travel, so they both asked [[Baron]] for help given his experience with the dimension of time. Together, the three built the Heart of the Star in secret. Once it was finished, [[Quilkira Aalrac|Qilkira]] and [[Fallond]] immediately wanted to travel the dimensions, but [[Fallond]] had to stay and look after the rest of the kingdom. Needing more crewmates, they enlisted two other people to their cause. The first was [[Agile]], a male half-demon who, filled with heart and mind, could steer any ship through a storm without breaking composure. The second was [[Wanothee]], a nonbinary celestial cartographer who would be the face of the group in the future. With [[Baron]] timing every command and [[Quilkira Aalrac|QIlkira]] taking care of the ship's energy sequencing, the team was ready to set off. However, [[Quilkira Aalrac|Qilkira]]'s brother heard of the adventure and jumped on board as the ship took off. Hence, the Explorer became a group of five adventurers.

Together, the Explorer party discovered the four cosmic elemental planes of Time, Emotion, Energy, and Space. In each of the planes, they met the plane's ruling dragon deity, and one of them received the power of the plane. [[Baron]] became the Time Explorer, [[Agile]] the Emotion Explorer, [[Quilkira Aalrac|Qilkira]] the Energy Explorer, and [[Wanothee]] the Space Explorer. It wasn't easy getting those powers, they had to go through punishment, trials, being chosen, and emergencies. Given such power, the party decided to take it upon themselves to become keepers of the new world. To do so, they tried to attain true immortality.

When this thought crossed their minds, Ao, the highest deity, appeared. The creature mentioned that attaining immortality would put them on par with lesser deities, a jump in status that it could not allow. Furthermore, such an action would cause other creatures to flood the cosmic planes, seeking immortality for themselves. In response, the Explorer party asked Ao to allow them to be the guardians of the cosmic elements in the prime material plane. They asked to gain some form of immortality in exchange for a portion of their power. Ao agreed. The means by which each member of the party can be brought back to life, however, are not written down.

So the Explorer took off on one last voyage to return home. Not a word was said. They wrote down different journals which they kept safely hidden. As they arrived home, the party split off. [[Wanothee]] shared the map of the two worlds with the planetouched, hoping to get the world better acquainted with the vast space they inhabit. [[Baron]] impressed other people with his newfound powers, making sure that people felt protected. He, later on, gained a following, turning into a demigod who serves as the keeper of time. [[Quilkira Aalrac|Qilkira]], accompanied by her brother, ventured into the nine hells, hoping to free the soul of her two friends. During the journey, however, the siblings were slain by [[Asmodeus]]. Knowing that her brother was not immortal, she stored his soul in an unknown location before leaving. [[Agile]], stayed in the ship, guarding its secrets for years to come, remembered every night by a fellow Explorer. After all, if he was to die, he would be the only one able to reform in the exact same location.

The Explorers did meet one more time when [[Wanothee]] discovered the edge of the barrier that separated both worlds. He explained that, as keepers of the new world, this barrier must be removed and the worlds truly reunited. The barriers were made of power from the phlogiston and the elemental chaos, the exact sources of the power of the explorers. [[Wanothee]] knew this could anger Ao, and so he wanted to talk to them about it. However, the lone explorer did not know how to do so. At the time, however, [[Baron]] was an eccentric entertainer and was easy to find. [[Baron]] expressed that the explorers would need to reunite in order to contact Ao, knowledge he knew from a distant future. Hence, they returned to the ship where [[Agile]] and, coincidentally, [[Quilkira Aalrac|Quilkira]] was also there, gathering materials to build her ship to the nine hells. The party was indeed able to contact Ao and asked permission to take down the barrier. Ao agreed, and, in fact, helped them in doing so.

> [[Quilkira Aalrac|Qilkira]], Energy Explorer "I asked the Energy Dragon if I could choose my name in my next life. They didn't respond. I told them I wanted '[[Quilkira Aalrac|Rowan]]'. "
> 
> The plane is heavily guarded by the dragons of energy as great powers and souls residing in the plane must be protected. The dragons will not relent to good or bad intentions. The Explorer party were not attacked only because [[Quilkira Aalrac|Qilkira]] was chosen as the keeper of the Energy plane's power. The party never learned why, although they speculate that it has something to do with the draconic blood flowing through her and her undying energy to help others.
> 
> The plane of Energy is a border transitive plane. In form, the plane is an exact clone of the material plane. However, any color, sound, taste, or any other sensation is much more vibrant and pleasing. The souls of those who die and the spirits of all other things in the prime material plane reside in the plane. However, the souls of those who die can be claimed only by higher powers after some time depending on certain conditions. If ownership of a soul is in dispute, the soul is hoarded by the Energy dragon in the Risen Peaks.

> [[Baron]], Time Explorer "We can only follow our lifelines, the strings that define our lives in the Time Plane. I wish we could do otherwise."
> 
> To ensure that the dark dragonborn king Lumiseth was unable to succeed, [[Baron]] went back in time to prepare the world for the Great War. Knowing that he had angered the keepers of time, [[Baron]] never returned to the plane of time. However, with the eager party by his side, he decided to visit it. Upon meeting the Time Dragon, he was immediately punished with the power of the Time plane. True, he was able to see the different timelines, those that are and those that could be. Still, he was cursed with the knowledge that, no matter what he does, he can never save every timeline.
> 
> The plane of Time is a border transitive plane. It is mostly void, except for the luminescent blue strings that span from the thin Past to the expanding Future. Between the two regions is the Time Dragon, trimming the non-canonical timelines with the help of the Weavers and Keepers of Time. In the Future, all the creatures in the plane live on cities made from the strings of broken timelines, each city sitting precariously on the strings of the Future which slowly move into the past.

> [[Wanothee]], Space Explorer "My name suspiciously sounds like a number. But what are characters and numbers aside from 'meaningful space'."
> 
> The Explorers had an issue when trying to explore the seemingly endless Space plane. To be specific, the form of the ship suddenly changed, launching the members of the party into random directions. Each person was lost for several days, and, despite their powers, were unable to fix the situation. [[Wanothee]], one of the last members of The Explorer who was powerless, was chanced upon the Space dragon who took pity on them. The dragon gave [[Wanothee]] the power of the Space plane. Using their newfound power, they were able to bring the party back together, navigating the Space plane to find the Space dragon and thank him. However, because the power overwhelmed them, under certain circumstances, [[Wanothee]] suddenly disappears and teleports into a random nearby location.
> 
> The plane of Space is a border transitive plane. Its landscape is all but shadow. All light in the plane shines for half its original radius, although it can be seen from any distance. Shadow versions of living creatures exist in the plane. Any actions of living creatures can have an impact on the landscape of the plane. The Dragon of Space uses the plane as a prison for the excess evil in people, hoping that it may never escape the never ending landscape of the plane.

> [[Agile]], Emotion Explorer "Not sure why, but my gut says 'Hope' is the strongest emotion. Or 'Love'? No, no, definitely 'Hope'."
> 
> When The Explorer visited the emotion plane, they were given a chance to receive its power through tests. The tests involved exposing the candidates to the 8 purest emotions. If they were to react to any of it, they would fail. In addition, they were required to be able to exhibit these 8 pure emotions themselves. [[Agile]], being a bouda who has prevented himself from eating other creatures and doing harm as a demon, was the only person to pass this test. At the end of the 16 tests, they gained the power of the Emotion plane.
> 
> The plane of Emotion is a border transitive plane. The plane is filled with small bits of matter formed from the thoughts of creatures in the prime material plane of objects that have entered this transitive plane. For this reason, it is filled with many chaotic shapes, stretching for miles. Surrounding space is also filled with multicolored mist, each one connecting a different emotion. The rest is a gray void.
> 
> - Joy is the most fragile.
> - Love, the most resilient.
> - Terror, the most dangerous.
> - Grief is the darkest emotion.
> - Loathing, the most persistent.
> - Fury, the most draining.
> - Hope, the strongest.